in Arkham see and unification for iPhone
iPad iPod Touch that works as Dylan a
media controller and player only one
let's see how it works now we go to our
server we go through its libraries which
is a file now it's a music file let's
see
paste let's play this one and we choose
a renderer
in our network and it's Xbox and we set
it to our back to folders and now which
is a video file say this one here
ok and which is a deal in a renderer in
our network which we want to play
locally in our iPhone Localytics that
you can play the files locally on your
iphone or ipad which everyone using and
you can control a box you can control a
volume as well and you can pause stop
fast forward or rewind
ok here we show how that works and which
is another render in our network and the
same video now is sent to a bigger
screen which is XBMC in our case and we
can also control the playback and the
volume of the playback this is a future
they'll enable you to share only two
files in your network between all DLNA
devices from your application from your
phone for example if you want to play
pictures videos in a bigger screen
well let's see how it works on the iPad
you can see the arc of the application
now has bigger resolution feeding iPad
bigger screen let's go let's browse
through our servers DLNA servers in our
network
and find the files we want to play let's
go to our music files which is this son
and the rancher er Xbox in our network
and now it goes there and now we can see
it's on our Xbox going back to our
folders and choosing video file this
time it is the one we played before and
our iPhone and now we're gonna play it
in our iPad this video which is another
render XBMC in our network and we sent
the same file there so we can see it's
an airplay feature working here again
and you can control playback from the
screen of your I bet it sent the same
video to our Xbox to here the art plan
on both bigger screens and you can
control both playbacks now from your
iPad as well let's see you can see we
can fast forward yes so this is how our
can see works